Sqservices 1436 improve security of 2nd factor authentication (#2522)
wireapp/wire-server: docs/src/how-to/install/team-feature-settings.md

If the `sndFactorPasswordChallenge` feature is enabled, a 6 digit verification code will be send per email to authenticate for additional user operations like e.g. for login, adding a new client, generating SCIM tokens, or deleting a team.

> Note the number of attempts to verify with a code is limited to 3 and requests for generating verification codes are rate limited. The default delay between consecutive requests is 5 minutes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After 3 attempts, the key is invalidated, and requests for generating new verification codes are rate limited. The default delay between two consecutive requests is 5 minutes.
```

Reviewer: Also, I think 5 minutes is way too high as a default.  I would have picked 30 seconds, definitely not more than 60.  @comawill do you want to be the referee?

Reviewer: Also, this paragraph is redundant, no?  You say everything in it again further down.

Note that the lock status is required but has no effect, as it is currently not supported for team admins to enable or disable `sndFactorPasswordChallenge`. We recommend to set the lock status to `locked`.

### Rate limiting of code generation requests

The default delay between code generation requests is 5 minutes. This setting can be overridden in the Helm charts:

```yaml
brig:
  # ...
  config:
    # ...
    optSettings:
      # ...

>       setCodeGenerationDelaySecs: 300 # 5 minutes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      set2FACodeGenerationDelaySecs: 300 # 5 minutes
```
